For the data set named bills_Homestead_Oaks_HO_Electric in the HO.utitlities , I did analysis using the streamlit and visualized the data (code in python). I used the anaconda prompt (Anaconda Navigator is included in the Anaconda distribution and allows users to launch applications and manage conda packages, environments and channels without using command-line commands. Navigator can search for packages, install them in an environment, run the packages and update them.) Here anaconda is not an IDE , it's a distribution tool.

So, by using we can streamlit we can create interactive web page on which we can represent the visualized data. What I added to this interactive web page is one data excel, bar charts, pie charts, line chart and scatter plots and 3 side-filters. In this page the one filter will filter data using no.of days billed and other filter is on the month and these two filter are multi-select filter (i.e. we can select either multiple months or no. of days) and also these two data filters work on the entire data frame. The third filter is a slider on year from 2015 to 2022, even this is also a range filter which selects a range of years but this slider will only affect the first bar_chart which is made on days_billed on X-axis and Total_bills on the Y-axis.

The two excel sheets that are present on the output webpage are, first is the original data set given and the second is the data set where I, added the columns of year, month(extracted from the start_date given ) and Total bill ( this is the sum of the bill amount and third party bills given in the data set). Next, we have two bar charts one is on the days_billed on x-axis and another is on the Total_bill, and another is on the bill_amount on x-axis and days_billed on the y-axis. Here when we point the cursor on the bars, we can see the index number, value and the label. Then, there are two pie_charts one is on year and Total_bill and other is on months and total_bills.

On the right of these pie_charts we will get years and months number by clicking on that number we can exclude it , in the pie chart. Next a line chart on months and bill_amount and a scatter plot on the year and bill_amount. I will also add a few more visualizations for this data.

